so much more and the right to play on the butt
meetings dropped down to 10 ninth
position 36 points after 25
meeting team Valery Burlachenko I
Vova lost power struggle protection
what is the edge and now may well so
learn from Khabarovsk and in fact if from
the shops were connected flank to her there argo
here you have a loss in the center of the field and by the way
punch punch was so good and that
flashed the net gate but in fact it
the joke of course the blow was not so
It’s just a powerful one
the mesh is a mental problem is incomprehensible and
in the end a good blow glad arab marx tree
g01 tight shot tight shot not
I know whether to blame Denis Pchelintsev
probably not worth blaming the very same
the man who gave that gear
totally incomprehensible where did you put
transfer but an opponent in attacking the guests and
need to score a tarot ball have a second ball
good gears from the depths of the field to
great goals and 0202
not much time left until the end
first half but Khabarovsk and already
make a weighty bid in principle on
victory in this match a goal is scored as
easily he runs away from defenders as
great he sends the ball into the net like
calmly he did it 20 opponent
punishing for a mistake here went
transmissions from a depth of cast, but here's how
how so it would seem there was no advantage
a few meters from the defender
Volgogradians but the gates martial from
ran away and I am treated for bark pass
is amazing
I will go to Volgograd to Kuz people
Saw such you can not play .
will this shoulder protect the question not in
will be canceled until
Dmitriy
hooves if not mistaken just
zver yes all right dmitri kabuto
appeared in the second half, this dream is inside
hooves in which recess was interviewed
small correspondent to ours
Volgograd
yes like that talked during the break and became
in the second sword on the author of the ball, which
gives certain chances given gives
hope Volgograd but the rotor goes forward
now is natural and fans should
engage in active work